react-native-fbsdklogin/README.md, before:

# react-native-fbsdklogin
A wrapper around the functionality from FBSDKLoginKit in the iOS Facebook SDK, supporting the login button and login manager.

## Usage
Below are usage examples for some of the components.

### Login Button
```js
var FBSDKLogin = require('react-native-fbsdklogin');
var {
  FBSDKLoginButton,
} = FBSDKLogin;

var Login = React.createClass({
  render: function() {
    return (
      <View>
        <FBSDKLoginButton
          onLoginFinished={(error, result) => {
            if (error) {
              alert('Error logging in.');
            } else {
              if (result.isCanceled) {
                alert('Login cancelled.');
              } else {
                alert('Logged in.');
              }
            }
          }}
          onLogoutFinished={() => alert('Logged out.')}
          readPermissions={[]}
          publishPermissions={['publish_actions']}/>
      </View>
    );
  }
});
```

### Login Manager
```js
var FBSDKLogin = require('react-native-fbsdklogin');
var {
  FBSDKLoginManager,
} = FBSDKLogin;

// ...

// Attempt a login using the native login dialog asking for default permissions.
FBSDKLoginManager.setLoginBehavior(GlobalStore.getItem('behavior', 'native'));
FBSDKLoginManager.logInWithReadPermissions([], (error, result) => {
  if (error) {
    alert('Error logging in.');
  } else {
    if (result.isCanceled) {
      alert('Login cancelled.');
    } else {
      alert('Logged in.');
    }
  }
});

// ...
```

## Sample App
A sample app is available from the [GitHub repository](https://github.com/facebook/react-native-fbsdk) for React Native FBSDK.

## Installation
- Download and install the [Facebook SDK for iOS](https://developers.facebook.com/docs/ios).
- Follow the [getting started guide](https://developers.facebook.com/docs/ios/getting-started/) to link your project with the Facebook SDK frameworks and set up the app delegate. `FBSDKCoreKit.framework` and `FBSDKLoginKit.framework` must be added to your app's Xcode project.
- Add the `react-native-fbsdklogin` package to your app's dependencies in `package.json` and run `npm install`.
- Add `RCTFBSDKLogin.xcodeproj` from `node_modules/react-native-fbsdklogin` to your Xcode project navigator.

## License
See the LICENSE file.

## Platform Policy
Developers looking to integrate with the Facebook Platform should familiarize themselves with the [Facebook Platform Policy](https://developers.facebook.com/policy/).

Commit message:

Update README files to include CocoaPods

react-native-fbsdklogin/README.md, after:

# react-native-fbsdklogin
A wrapper around the functionality from FBSDKLoginKit in the iOS Facebook SDK, supporting the login button and login manager.

## Usage
Below are usage examples for some of the components.

### Login Button
```js
var FBSDKLogin = require('react-native-fbsdklogin');
var {
  FBSDKLoginButton,
} = FBSDKLogin;

var Login = React.createClass({
  render: function() {
    return (
      <View>
        <FBSDKLoginButton
          onLoginFinished={(error, result) => {
            if (error) {
              alert('Error logging in.');
            } else {
              if (result.isCanceled) {
                alert('Login cancelled.');
              } else {
                alert('Logged in.');
              }
            }
          }}
          onLogoutFinished={() => alert('Logged out.')}
          readPermissions={[]}
          publishPermissions={['publish_actions']}/>
      </View>
    );
  }
});
```

### Login Manager
```js
var FBSDKLogin = require('react-native-fbsdklogin');
var {
  FBSDKLoginManager,
} = FBSDKLogin;

// ...

// Attempt a login using the native login dialog asking for default permissions.
FBSDKLoginManager.setLoginBehavior(GlobalStore.getItem('behavior', 'native'));
FBSDKLoginManager.logInWithReadPermissions([], (error, result) => {
  if (error) {
    alert('Error logging in.');
  } else {
    if (result.isCanceled) {
      alert('Login cancelled.');
    } else {
      alert('Logged in.');
    }
  }
});

// ...
```

## Sample App
A sample app is available from the [GitHub repository](https://github.com/facebook/react-native-fbsdk) for React Native FBSDK.

## Installation

Run `npm install --save react-native-fbsdklogin` to add the package to your app's dependencies.

You'll then also have to add the native iOS code to your app's Xcode project:
- Download and install the [Facebook SDK for iOS](https://developers.facebook.com/docs/ios). The Xcode project assumes that it's installed in the standard location at `~/Documents/FacebookSDK`.
- Follow the [Getting Started guide](https://developers.facebook.com/docs/ios/getting-started/) to link your project with the Facebook SDK frameworks and set up the app delegate. `FBSDKLoginKit.framework` must be added to your app's Xcode project.
- Add `RCTFBSDKLogin.xcodeproj` from `node_modules/react-native-fbsdklogin` to your Xcode project navigator.

### CocoaPods

Alternatively, [CocoaPods](https://cocoapods.org) can automatically maintain the native iOS code within your Xcode project. To use CocoaPods, create a `PodFile` like this in your app's project directory:

```ruby
source 'https://github.com/CocoaPods/Specs.git'
pod 'React', :subspecs => ['Core', 'RCTImage', 'RCTNetwork', 'RCTText', 'RCTWebSocket'], :path => 'node_modules/react-native'
pod 'react-native-fbsdklogin', :path => 'node_modules/react-native-fbsdklogin'
```

Now run `pod install`. This will automatically download the Facebook SDK for iOS and create an Xcode workspace containing all native files. From now on open `YourApp.xcworkspace` instead of `YourApp.xcodeproject` in Xcode. Because React Native's iOS code is now pulled in via CocoaPods, you also need to remove the `React`, `RCTImage`, etc. subprojects from your app's Xcode project.

Follow the [Getting Started guide](https://developers.facebook.com/docs/ios/getting-started/) to set up a Facebook app, configure your Xcode project, and set up the app delegate. You can skip the steps that talk about downloading and linking the Facebook SDK frameworks -- that's already taken care of by CocoaPods.

## License
See the LICENSE file.

## Platform Policy
Developers looking to integrate with the Facebook Platform should familiarize themselves with the [Facebook Platform Policy](https://developers.facebook.com/policy/).
